in May 2015 the President of the United
States Barack Obama met Natural History
broadcaster Sir David Attenborough for
over half a century David Attenborough
has been making landmark television
series
now the president wants to sit down with
David Attenborough and discuss the
future of the planet
Sir David Attenborough as I was telling
you in our walk over I have been a huge
admirer of your work for a very long
time because you've been a great
educator as well as a great naturalist
what are the prospects for this blue
marble that we live on if we find ways
of generating and storing power from
renewable resources we will make the
problem with oil and coal and other
carbons and problems disappear we're not
moving as fast as we need to
you know these ecosystems are are all
interconnected and that if just one
country is doing the right thing but
other countries are not and we're not
going to solve the problem we're going
to have to have a global solution with
the prospects of climate change rising
populations do you get a sense that
we're going to be able to get ahead of
these problems the United Nations tells
us that over 50% of the human population
of the planet are urbanized which means
that to some degree they are cut off
from the natural world
they don't understand about the workings
of the natural world they won't take the
trouble to protect it
the interesting thing is all my
daughter's I find Malia and Sasha who's
they're 16 and 13 now they're much more
environmentally aware they do not
dispute for example the science around
climate change well I've never met a
child who is not as not interested in
Natural History so the I mean just the
simplest thing a five-year-old turning
over a stone and seeing a slug you know
and says what a treasure kids understand
the natural world and the fascinating so
the question is how did you lose it and
how did anyone lose the interesting they
don't